0.  How many different colors does each format support?
	BMP: 32 bit color, or over 4 billion
	GIF: 8 bits, 256 colors
	JPEG: 24 bit, 16 million
	PNG: 24 bit, 16 million

1.  Which format supports animation? 
	GIF

2.  What's the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
		Lossy compression throws away some of the data in a file. 
		Lossless uses an algorithm to compress a file that is reversible, hence, 
		the quality of the file can move back and forth between the two states.

3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
		JPEG

4.  What happens when a file is deleted from a FAT file system? FAT stands for
	File Allocation Table; when a file is deleted, the information in the
	address table is erased, but the file itself remains on the hard drive.

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered? 
	Delete files using a secure delete option. That replaces the section on disc with all zeroes.

6.  What is stdint.h?
	stdint.h is a header file that declares specified integer types as having a certain width. What does
	this mean?

7.  What's the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
	It makes clear that you intend to use the data a specific way.
	uint24_t means an integer that is exactly 24 bits wide.

8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively? 
(assume 32-bit architecture like the cs50 appliance).
	BYTE is 1 byte
	DWORD is 4 bytes
	LONG is 4 bytes
	WORD is 2 bytes

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
(Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called
 "magic numbers").
 	The first two bytes of a BMP is a WORD and denotes bfType, which specifies the file type. It must be
 	set to the signature word BM (0x4D42) to indicate bitmap.

10. What's the difference between bfSize and biSize?
	bfSize specifies the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
	biSize specifies the size of the structure in bytes.

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
	If biHeight is positive, the bitmap is a bottom-up DIB (device-independent bitmap)
	and its origin is the lower left corner.
	
	If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB (device-independent bitmap)
	and its origin is the upper left corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP's color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
	The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of
	bits that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
	fopen will return NULL if it cannot create the outfile to write to.
	It might happen due to permission restriction or illegal file names. Such as:
	Trying to create a file in read-only directory
	Creating file with name "/file"

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
	The third argument in fread specifies to read first n elements of an array.
	And array size is specified in 2nd argument.
	So first read complete BITMAPFILEHEADER, then read complete BITMAPINFOHEADER and then read 1 RGBTRIPLE at a time.
	The header comments seem to confirm.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
	biWidth is the width of the bitmap in pixels. If the width is 3, padding is necessary since
	the scanline must be a multiple of 4.
	3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel = 9 bytes. 3 bytes are added to bring the scanline to 12 bytes.
	I don't understand the math, though.

16. What does fseek do?
	Skips over any padding and looks for the next pixel (RGB triple)

17. what is SEEK_CUR?
	This is an integer constant which, when used as the whence argument to the fseek or fseeko function,
	specifies that the offset provided is relative to the current file position

18. Whodunit?
	It looks like a teddy bear to me.

19. What does Valgrind do? It checks a program for memory leaks.
You use it in a similar way to GDB.

20. To which stream do functions like printf write by default? 
	stdio

21. What's the difference between > and >>? 
	> will overwrite the contents of a file
	>> will append to the contents of a file
	
22. What pipeline could you use to find the number of unique names in a file called names.txt?
	sort < names.txt > sort.txt
	uniq < sort.txt | wc -l
	OR
	sort < names.txt | uniq | wc -l
